
COPYRIGHTS AND LICENSE AGREEMENTS

This directory contains software comprising the XSPICE Simulator and
the XSPICE Code Model Subsystem.  XSPICE is based on the SPICE3
program developed by the Electronics Research Laboratory, Department
of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences, University of
California at Berkeley.  SPICE3 and its documentation are
copyrighted and licensed by the Regents of the University of
California.

Code added to SPICE3 to create the XSPICE Simulator and the XSPICE
Code Model Subsystem was developed at the Computer Science and
Information Technology Laboratory, Georgia Tech Research Institute,
Atlanta GA, and is covered by license agreement the following
copyright:

   Copyright 1992
   Georgia Tech Research Corporation
   All Rights Reserved.
   This material may be reproduced by or for the U.S. Government
   pursuant to the copyright license under the clause at DFARS
   252.227-7013 (Oct. 1988)

Refer to U.C. Berkeley and Georgia Tech license agreements for
additional information.


                       *** WARNING ***

Redistribution and export of this software is subject to the
terms of your license agreement and to U.S. Government restrictions.




COMPILATION INFORMATION

XSPICE has been successfully compiled on HP Apollo and Sun
workstations.  The source files require approximately 10Mb of
disk space and the entire compiled system requires approximately
30Mb of space on HP Apollo platforms.  The resulting executable
size depends on the number of models included.  On HP Apollo
platforms with all supplied code models, the XSPICE executable
is approximately 2.5 Mb.

The following software is required for compilation:

    UNIX BSD4.3 or compatible operating system
    UNIX Lex, Yacc, and Sed utilities
    X11R4 X Window System with Athena Widgets
    ANSI compatible C compiler


If your system does not have an ANSI compatible C compiler named cc,
edit the 'CC=cc' line in /usr/local/xspice-1-0/include/make.include
to specify the name of the ANSI C compiler on your system
(e.g. 'CC=gcc').


To build the XSPICE system, move into the 'src' subdirectory
and execute 'make'.

